README.md, before:

# GROUP-2-PHP-CAPSTONE-PROJECT-

Side Hustle Capstone Project. 
This is a measurement converter using PHP and CSS 
This is a Web development -Capstone project on buliding a measurement converter; as part of the side Hustle internship program. 
The project is written in PHP and CSS only. 
The supporting files are included in this repository.
This mesurement converter converts the following:

AREA:
Square meter to Square kilometer
Square kilometer to Square meter
Square inch to Square foot
Square foot to Square inch
Hectare to Acre
Acre to Hectare

VOLUME:
Liter to Millimetre
Millimetre to Liter
Cubic foot to Cubic inch
Cubic inch to Cubic foot
Imperial pint to Cubic foot
Imperial cup to Imperial pint
Imperial pint to Imperial cup

LENGTH:
Meter to Centimeter
Centimeter to Meter
Meter to Kilometer
Kilometer to Centimeter
Centimeter to Kilometer
Kilometer to meter

TEMPERATURE:
Celsius to Farenheit
Farenheit to Celsius
Kelvin to Celsius
Farenheit to Kelvin

SPEED:
Meter per seconds to Kilometer per hour
Kilometer per hour to Kilometer per second

WEIGHT:
Gram to Kilogram
Kilogram to Gram
Kilogram to Pound
Pound to Kilogram
Gram to Pound
Pound to Gram

Commit message:

Added Hyperlinks, Some UI and Code Changes

README.md, after:

# GROUP-2-PHP-CAPSTONE-PROJECT-

Side Hustle Capstone Project. 
This is a measurement converter using PHP and CSS 
This is a Web development - Capstone project on buliding a measurement converter; as part of the side Hustle internship program. 
The project is written in PHP and CSS only. 
The supporting files are included in this repository.
This mesurement converter converts the following:

AREA:
Square meter to Square kilometer
Square kilometer to Square meter
Square inch to Square foot
Square foot to Square inch
Hectare to Acre
Acre to Hectare

VOLUME:
Liter to Millimetre
Millimetre to Liter
Cubic foot to Cubic inch
Cubic inch to Cubic foot
Imperial pint to Cubic foot
Imperial cup to Imperial pint
Imperial pint to Imperial cup

LENGTH:
Meter to Centimeter
Centimeter to Meter
Meter to Kilometer
Kilometer to Centimeter
Centimeter to Kilometer
Kilometer to meter

TEMPERATURE:
Celsius to Farenheit
Farenheit to Celsius
Kelvin to Celsius
Farenheit to Kelvin

SPEED:
Meter per seconds to Kilometer per hour
Kilometer per hour to Kilometer per second

WEIGHT:
Gram to Kilogram
Kilogram to Gram
Kilogram to Pound
Pound to Kilogram
Gram to Pound
Pound to Gram


10/11/2021

Added required attribute to the input boxes to ensure the user does not submit the form without input data
